## ArcGIS Open Data Bindings

### Overview
ArcGIS Open Data provides JSON export in the DCAT format, this module is a python API to access datasets and its resources via python.

### Getting Started
>pip install git+https://github.com/jnordling/opendata.git

### Methods

Method | Description
------------ | -------------
getDatasetsList() | comming soon 
getDatasetTitle(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetDescription(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetPublisher(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetKeywords(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetLandingPage(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetDateIssued(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetDateModified(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetContact(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetResources(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetSpatial(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetTheme(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetThumbnail(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetAGOLItemID(dataset)| comming soon
getDatasetItemThumbnail(id,url)| comming soon
getResourcesTitle(resource)| comming soon
getResourcesURL(resource)| comming soon
getResourcesMediaType(resource)| comming soon
getResourcesFormat(resource)| comming soon
 